welcome to certified jewelry up for
auction today is an extraordinarily
large and quite rare way low mind
Ethiopian opal and diamond cocktail ring
a rare tremendous sized master cut
authentic Ethiopian opal of this quality
is extremely rare and this stunning
specimen has an extraordinary full
spectrum dominant red play of color
making this one-of-a-kind ring a
collector's dream this gorgeous
Ethiopian opal has been tested and
certified by our certified jewelry
gemologist and he's determined this to
be a genuine 14 point zero seven carat
opaque clarity dominant red play of
color Ethiopian opal surrounded by 90
round brilliant near colorless accent
diamonds these accent diamonds are
graded as vs1 to si 1 and clarity with
near colorless f2g color displaying
exceptional flash Sparkle and fire as
you can clearly see here in the video
this high-end custom-made setting is
crafted in solid 14 karat white gold and
stamped with a 14k hallmark the total
item weighs a heavy strong and sturdy
7.4 3 grams and is a US size 7 and 1/2
included with this item is a certified
jewelry certification that documents the
authenticity quality and characteristics
of the ring with an estimated insurance
replacement value of fourteen thousand
seven hundred and seven dollars this
rare and unique estate ring came to us
from a consignor who's an avid collector
of rare opal specimens as a result of a
pressing financial deadline our
consignor has asked for our assistance
in selling this gorgeous ring
immediately given the rarity outstanding
an intense play of color massive size
and quality of this one-of-a-kind
Ethiopian opal today's estimated retail
value is between fourteen thousand and
fifteen thousand dollars at the close of
this auction our consignor is hopeful to
recover at least ten thousand one
hundred dollars
so please take this into consideration
when making your bid at the request of
our consignor this one-of-a-kind
stunning ring is being offered with a $1
starting bid and no reserve price as a
result of the urgency and time frame our
consignor needs to sell this prize to
state treasurer this is a unique
opportunity to own a top-quality estate
ring far below retail prices you'll not
only benefit from our consigners need to
liquidate this item quickly but we'll be
assisting her and meeting her financial
obligations certified jewelry is your
preeminent source for top-quality estate
fine jewelry liquidations if you have a
genuine estate jewelry collection valued
at two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars or more and need assistance in
marketing your prized family treasures
contact us for a free and discreet
evaluation good luck and happy bidding
you